Hey guys
that is a very clear
We can see jobs
Not missing, they start a bit
hokkaido
you get that with reese or too
elsewhere real or so can ukraine
one also with the skin patient because of that
I totally like to go so has one here
I just cut it that way
And of course I have the pumpkin before
I also washed the crown
removed and I wanted you again
to point out that they are on
your fingers pay attention because you can
very weakly cut because of the
Oberliga is a bit tough is exactly
if she should not get ahead
just tear one apart
then you take a spoon and wrap
the trip tips explained that he through
made quickly and we then set
on the smooth side so we put it in
fine stripes cut here once in the
rapidly scrolling
I forgot the little towns
down there
we just cut them off and that
So we fill it again and again
also comes to the top now I want
just a neck so 0 5 liters of water
on about everything really now
implemented and mix the whole with
vegetable stock I added about two
offender led to even if it is a
but I poured a little bit
do that more often I have a feeling
mix it all up and just give it
even more
right now we are putting our part in this way
to 20 minutes that's usually enough
and do so meanwhile that the
Potato finished I got earlier
always before some potatoes hang this
but disgusting people they are still good
nicely done and a little one
Household energy was the shell on the
strength side with the wet side can
your stainless steel surfaces very well
So clean the potatoes had
we will now roll the dice and give them
We will be with the body as well
are still one with accident
best time of 15 minutes and the wait
we just leave
I have that a bit
accelerated as you can see is here
already finished everything after 15 minutes sees
that's about as hokkaido
actually always done pretty quickly
is so nice and good
Okay now end this to the side and mix
that with our start mixa I leave
I like a few more
Freedom tastes that tastes so full
was not super delicious then we take
our coconut milk and mix the
Once again, please sit down
Cover must firmly take care of that and
then we go the whole
Do not add cobus and mix it all up
again I would go back to the
want to put heart because a kiss with
you can not do that well
fast abdominal pain
yes the whole 40 or sugar I sugar
is also mega tip of me too cold and
salt and pepper the whole thing
little and tastes all from it
It really tastes of the fit I got
no fear of exactly the whole thing
I just now in a bowl
and that can be my favorite
before and hope that is you taste
that's exactly what emails and guys do
hope you liked it and to
next time let me on my
commentary there and maybe an abo